
[16:17]-[Wash Caboose]

Wash: Caboose, I haven't seen you for a couple hours now. 
Wash: Where are you? 

Caboose: hi agent wash a tub 

Wash: We *really should try to fix your speech-to-text one of these days.

Caboose: church can fix it.

Wash: I mean, so can I?
Wash: Probably.

Caboose: well yes but church is a computer so he can fix the program faster

Wash: It’s not like we’re short on time.
Wash: Simmons is good at programming, I’m sure he’ll help.
Wash: Provided he’s not busy with the movie night thing.

[16:20]-[]

Wash: Caboose?
Wash: Is this about Church?

Caboose: he hasnt come back yet
Caboose: and he snot on radio
Caboose: i keep checking but i just get hissing

Wash: Well, he’s probably not in range. Our helmet receivers don’t get much out here.

Caboose: does that mean hes really far away

Wash: Not necessarily. 

Caboose: but what if the rescue comes back before he doze
Caboose: we cant leave him
Caboose: he is very small he could get loss very easily

Wash: He’s with Carolina, she’s keeping a good eye on him.
Wash: And we won’t leave either of them behind.
Wash: I promise.

Caboose: but when will they be back

Wash: I
Wash: don’t know.
Wash: But we’ll be here when they are, okay?

Caboose: what if something happened
Caboose: sarge said there was bad guys

Wash: Sarge was exaggerating.
Wash: We haven’t run into anyone yet. 

Caboose: but only tucker is running
Caboose: tucker and church and carol line uh
Caboose: but they ran farther than tucker

Wash: Yeah, well, running was Carolina’s thing back in Freelancer. 
Wash: But she always came back. 

Caboose: but why wood they run for so long

Wash: Maybe they found something cool.

Caboose: then why wouldnt they come back to show us
Caboose: i always show church the cool things i fine
Caboose: is he going on another free lancer adventure without us

Wash: I promise they’re not going on a Freelancer adventure without us. 
Wash: Carolina knows better than that.

Caboose: yeah there last one didnt go too good be four we got there

Wash: Right. 

Caboose: but church and carolina are very very strong and fast and smart so why would they still begone

Wash: I don’t know.
Wash: There’s probably a lot of jungle to check out.
Wash: They should be back soon.
Wash: Or, we'll get rescued first, and we can go look for them.

Caboose: and we won’t leave them behind.

Wash: And we won’t leave them behind.

Caboose: promise

Wash: Promise.
Wash: Now, where are you? 
Wash: The Reds are having a movie night.

Caboose: will it be air buddies

Wash: No, they’re planning on watching the Hunger Games.
Wash: But I’ll vote for Air Buddies for the next one.

Caboose: can it be the santa one
Caboose: i like santa movies

Wash: Sure! 

Caboose: okay
Caboose: ill watch the hungry games

Wash: Glad to hear it! So where are you? 

Caboose: i was looking for church

Wash: Do you know where you were looking for Church?

Caboose: no

Wash: Alright. One sec. 


